What are you talking about?
What Shawn Wei?
Wei Wei, you are out.
You promised me
As long as I tell you that Mr. Li cheated on you
Expose to the media
You're with me.
So I did.
Can we two be together?
Xiao Yuhang, what nonsense are you talking about?
When did I ask you to do such a thing?
News is fake
I have nothing with Mr. Li
Because you want to cross the river and demolish the bridge, right?
I know you want to live a life of fine clothes and jade food
So you leave me I know
I don't regret it. I don't hate you.
But why did you promise to get back with me?
Are you going back on it now?
It's because I don't have Mr. Li's money, right?
Education line
You were the one who cheated on me for dinner
It's still raking
I can't be with you at all
Such a shameless person gets back together
I believe Mingwei would not do such a thing.
Mingwei and I were roommates in college for four years
have a good relationship
No one knows better than me
What kind of person is he?
This thing
Someone must be trying to ruin my relationship with Bei Hyun
And deliberately walked out
Mingwei is also a victim
Go ahead and thank you for speaking for me
We are best friends
Of course I'm going to help you.
Wei Wei, you and Beixian are pro-white, right?
Miss Song knows people know their faces but not their hearts
Don't be fooled by a two-faced person like him.
Be your best friend on the surface
Behind your back, your man is a gold digger
You are so disgusting
Caused our company's stock price to plummet
You shameless woman
You don't deserve to be our colleague, get out of here